Requirements:
1. Specific items in the box. See the description for details.
2a) Any low level Pokemon, preferably a recently caught one
2b) A Quagsire, with item HP Up, and Sleep Talk as the first move.
3. And obviously, Coin Case.
Step 1: Put the low level Pokemon in your third slot. Put the Quagsire in your 4th slot.
Step 2: Is not an arbitrary code execution step, but a step necessary for the example program.
Go to the name rater and change your first Pokemon's nickname to something 10 characters long.
Step 3: Is not an arbitrary code execution step, but a step necessary for the example program.
Go to the name rater and change your first Pokemon's nickname to something 9 characters long.
Step 4: Go to Elm's lab, save the game and reset.
Step 5: Exit the lab, take four steps right. Then open your Pokedex and listen to Machoke's cry.
Step 6: Switch to your Key Items Pocket and use Coin Case.
Done! It just executed a program stored in the PC.
That example "Hello World" program displays the first Pokemon's nickname instead of the amount of coins.
victory dance lol